### IN MEMORIAM - A good man and CraftsMan is lost.

- Dave died on March 4, 2023 
  - He was the first AWP buyer to reach out about getting the shop organized before occupancy.  He was a creative and passionate woodworker who made everything from armoires, to adirondack chairs, to creating custom benches for the Ames Center.
 
- It is with great sadness that we share the sudden passing of our adored David "Dave" Henry Porter, on March 4, 2023. Effortlessly funny, forever curious, and committed to community, Dave made life a happy adventure for his beloved family and wide circle of friends. Whether on a bicycle across Iowa, motorcycle rides to Mexico, or skating on a frozen lake, Dave found joy in connecting with fellow human beings of all walks of life and of all ages. Born in 1938 to Ruth and Frank Porter, Dave grew up in the Lynnhurst neighborhood with brother Ron and sister Jane. A graduate of Washburn High, Dave was educated at the University of Minnesota. He was a Captain in the Army 1961-67. He worked for IBM from 1967-69 before shifting to Pemtom Home Builders, and eventually, his own insurance consulting firm. While at the U, he hit the jackpot when he met Hibbing's own, Judy Ekola and fell in love. Two perfectly complementary personalities, these college sweethearts were happily married for 62 years. They raised three kids, Debbie, Elizabeth and Jim, in a busy house in Burnsville filled with laughter and love and encouragement. An enormous part of Dave's legacy is his commitment to service in his community. He had a decades long involvement with the Rotary Club, serving as President of the Burnsville Chapter and receiving
the International Service Above Self Award in 1996 - Rotary's highest honor. He led countless service projects including Bikes for Africa where he spearheaded collecting and refurbishing 2,000 bikes to be sent to ease water transport. You can't say the name Dave Porter and not talk about road trips. Nothing made him happier than being on the open road. Whether it was back in the 1980's as an avid bicyclist, or into the 2000's where he logged tens of thousands of miles on his motorcycle, often crisscross- ing the country, camping along the way. Dave never met a stranger; his life source was connection and telling stories. He had an infamous lunch club, nicknamed "PeGoPoMa" (for Bill Perron, Bill Gonzalez, Dave Porter, Dick Manley) who got into their fair share of trouble. Dave loved inspiring ways to get people together, including traditions like his post Thanksgiving bicycle ride around the chain of lakes - no matter the weather! A creative and passionate woodworker, he made everything from armoires, to adirondack chairs, to creating custom benches for the Ames Center. He was a voracious reader with a passion for WW2 non-fiction. He was a lifelong hockey fan (Go Gophers) and player, only giving up his skates in his late 60's. Most if not all conversations with their Dad would end with Dave proudly exclaiming, "How wonderful it is that you three kids love each other so much. Your mom and I are just so lucky." We're the lucky ones Dad. Survived by his loving wife Judy; children, Debbie (Ali) Awad, Elizabeth (Chris) Hogan, Jim (Annie) Porter; grandchildren, Annika and Porter Awad, Vail Hogan, Kate and Jack Porter; brother Roland (Karen) Porter. Preceded in death by his parents, Frank and Ruth, and sister Jane. Memorial Service Tuesday, March 14th at 12pm. Visitation 1 hour prior to service at Mt Olivet Lutheran Church, 5025 Knox Ave S, Mpls, MN 55419. Live streaming mtolivet.org/livestream/ Private interment will be held at the Ft Snelling National Cemetery at a later date. Memorials are preferred to Memorial Blood Center.
Published on March 12, 2023
